what's up hello friends are just Sarah
welcome to episode 2 of that creative
life where I talk to you about things
that hopefully are applicable to your
creative life today I am talking about
spending money if you are familiar with
my channel I have done a lot of travel
stuff in the past so you're probably
like oh so you're just gonna talk about
how spending money on experiences is so
much more valuable than spending money
on stuff
everyone says that false I'm actually
talking about the exact opposite thing
spending money on things so a little
back story in high school I played
guitar like that was my thing like music
was my ish I played in bands I was into
the whole I was major gearhead so I was
constantly buying guitar gear whether it
was guitars pedals to add to my
monstrosity of a pedal board multiple
amps and all that jazz I was very into
it when I was into it now I have found
more of my passion in video and photo
and internetting and that kind of stuff
guitar will always forever be a huge
part of my life and music obviously is
like my favorite thing in the world
however I recently have found myself in
a place where I have all this guitar
gear but I don't really use it anymore
so I just started selling off stuff
every guitar I sold or anti sold was
money that I could put back into you
know my future
in video and I was investing in camera
gear and investing it in experiences and
opportunities that would provide value
to you know my career later on in life
how did I get all this guitar gear while
I was in high school I worked my butt
off I was constantly working whether I
was refereeing basketball games or
giving guitar lessons or babysitting I
did a lot of babysitting basically I
would always be working from the moment
I was in seventh grade I think I just
always had a job and so whether that's
you know walking dogs or whatever that
looks like and
there is extreme value in working well
you're young when you're young and you
have money there are two things that you
can do that are good you can put it away
in a savings account you know spend a
little save a little you will never
regret you know saving money too is
pouring it into a valuable hobby that
you have and investing it in things that
you know retain value that you can later
on in life sell so what are you saying
Sara that you should spend all your
money on things kind of yes but evaluate
what kind of value those things you are
spending your money on have if you are
spending hundreds of dollars every week
on Chipotle I don't think that's gonna
help you later on in life but if you're
pouring into a hobby of yours that you
absolutely love and it's developing you
as a person you're discovering awesome
things about yourself you're developing
a skill and those things you know that
you're using right now if you're not
into later on in the future you can pawn
them off sell them off to invest and
another thing that's great do it spend
money on things if that's the case
reason number two why it's super
valuable to work while you're young
while you're in high school is just the
experience you are not going to have
your dream job in high school done but
you are going to figure out what you
hate and you're gonna figure out what
you like I promise you I have never been
more clear on what I want to do in life
when I'm doing something that I hate
when you're young and when you're in
high school is the time to just do
anything and everything if your parents
own a company work for them be a
waitress dog sit and babysit and
apprentice under someone if you are
fascinated by the world of music or
video or something creative get
underneath the person that is better at
that skill than you are and learn and if
you have to work for like seven bucks an
hour just do that learn and earn some
money and invest in your future today's
that created life summed up work
work a lot and it's okay to spend money
if you spend it on smart things earn it
and spend it and have fun and limit your
Chipotle funds let me know if you
enjoyed today's episode of that creative
life check out some of the links down
below posting every single day on Sara D
ChiCom and I will see you guys next
Tuesday need to be put away at this time
and I'll carry an item securely stowed